.TODO.md, before:



- [ ] Make the health bar work.
- [ ] Create separate narrow fonts for UI text.
- [ ] Build the UI.
- [ ] Add a second sprite to Tiles and Entities, so they can have a background color.

- [ ] Add blood particle effects when mobs die.
- [ ] Implement doors.
- [ ] Implement exits.
- [ ] Implement a map.
- [ ] Consider making Corpse a mob component, rather than an entity on its own.
- [ ] Consider reverting the player to a separate Entity (as a Mob it's conflicting with mob groups).

- [ ] Implement map objects, obstacles, interactibles.
- [ ] Implement items, inventories, enemy drops.

- [ ] Implement a TileMap node (just to see how it can be done and see if it performs better when playing and how can it support switching textures).

- [ ] Improve Corpse decay with ColorRamp.

- [ ] If the window is maximized when switching font, make the window stay maximized.
- [ ] Make mobs move randomly when idling.
- [ ] Improve the combat system.
- [ ] Improve the icon (change it).
- [ ] Add a textured tileset, and implement suport for it (it's not just one more bitmap, it's an alternative tileset for each font size, I think).

------------------------------------------------------------

- [x] Show combat feedback in the UI Log (currently being printed to stdout).
- [x] Show a health bar in the UI
- [x] add _solid_ property to tiles (stop using collision map)

- [x] Convert arrays to 1D arrays (fovmap, tilemap) (noticeable performance gain)
- [x] Make the tilemap a dict of vector2 keys, try it out ( `tilemap[Vector2(y, x)]` )

Commit message:

Health bar, fixed Corpses, Z orders, callbacks...
Fixed corpses being hidden behind dead player.

Altered Z depths

Added second sprite to Cells, for background.

Health bar now works.

Reverted Player to a separate Entity.

Added a callbacks system, to make it easier to get game elements from unrelated parts of the code (i.e, getting the World from within a UI component)

.TODO.md, after:



- [ ] Create separate narrow fonts for UI text.
- [ ] Build the UI.

- [ ] Add blood particle effects when mobs die (add to the corpse entity, I guess).
- [ ] Implement doors.
- [ ] Implement exits.
- [ ] Implement a map.
- [ ] Consider making Corpse a mob component, rather than an entity on its own.

- [ ] Implement map objects, obstacles, interactibles.
- [ ] Implement items, inventories, enemy drops.

- [ ] Implement a TileMap node (just to see how it can be done and see if it performs better when playing and how can it support switching textures).

- [ ] Improve Corpse decay with a ColorRamp.

- [ ] If the window is maximized when switching font, make the window stay maximized.
- [ ] Make mobs move randomly when idling.
- [ ] Improve the combat system.
- [ ] Improve the icon (change it).
- [ ] Add a textured tileset, and implement suport for it (it's not just one more bitmap, it's an alternative tileset for each font size, I think).

------------------------------------------------------------

- [x] Sort Z order, so that mobs don't get hidden behind corpses
- [x] Make the health bar work.
- [x] Add a second sprite to Tiles and Entities, so they can have a background color.
- [x] Consider reverting the player to a separate Entity (as a Mob it's conflicting with mob groups).

- [x] Show combat feedback in the UI Log (currently being printed to stdout).
- [x] Show a health bar in the UI
- [x] add _solid_ property to tiles (stop using collision map)

- [x] Convert arrays to 1D arrays (fovmap, tilemap) (noticeable performance gain)
- [x] Make the tilemap a dict of vector2 keys, try it out ( `tilemap[Vector2(y, x)]` )
